Add quizzes to DFS and Flood Fill Units (#2308)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/3_Silver/Flood_Fill.mdx

## Problems

<Problems problems="general" hideSuggestProblemButton />

## Quiz

<Quiz>
	<Quiz.Question>

> 		What would be a valid function header for DFS on an undirected graph to work *without* any other variables?

Reviewer: none of these? don't you need to keep track of what's visited and what's not?

Author: meant to say tree

> 		<Quiz.Answer correct>

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't both the first and second answer work? The second one is just much slower

Author: doesn't it get stuck in a dead loop unless you have an external visited array?

Author: nevermind you're right

Author: ok so i specifically said O(N) now

## Problems

<Problems problems="general" hideSuggestProblemButton />

## Quiz

<Quiz>
	<Quiz.Question>

> 		How many times will we have to run DFS to perform a flood fill on a graph G with 4 connected components?

Reviewer 2: Again, this is unclear
```suggestion
		What is the minimum number of starting nodes for flood fills we would need to visit every node in an undirected graph with four components?
```

> 		What is the minimum number of starting nodes for flood fills we would need to visit every node in an undirected graph with four components?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		What is the minimum number of starting nodes we must "flood fill" to visit every node in an undirected graph with four components?
```

		<Quiz.Answer>
			1
			<Quiz.Explanation>

> 				Incorrect. Each DFS can travel one connected component, so a graph with four connected components would require **4** DFS runs.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				Incorrect. Each DFS can travel one connected component, so a graph with four connected components would require $\mathbf{4}$ DFS runs.
```

			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
		<Quiz.Answer>
			2
			<Quiz.Explanation>
				Incorrect. Each DFS can travel one connected component, so a graph with four connected components would require **4** DFS runs.
			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
		<Quiz.Answer>
			3
			<Quiz.Explanation>
				Incorrect. Each DFS can travel one connected component, so a graph with four connected components would require **4** DFS runs.
			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
		<Quiz.Answer correct>
			4
			<Quiz.Explanation>
				Correct! Each DFS can travel one connected component, so a graph with four connected components would require **4** DFS runs.
			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
	</Quiz.Question>

	<Quiz.Question>

> 		Which of the following is not information we could get from the results of an unmodified floodfill algorithm?

Reviewer 3: also add the header e.g. `ff(int x, int y)`

Reviewer 3: also, isn't the number of connected components dependent on multiple flood fills and not "an unmodified flood fill algorithm."

> 		Which of the following is not information we could get from the results of some number of iterations of a standard floodfill algorithm `void ff(int x, int y)`?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		Which of the following is **not** information we could get from the results of some number of iterations of a standard floodfill algorithm `void ff(int x, int y)`?
```

		<Quiz.Answer>
			The number of connected components of a graph
			<Quiz.Explanation>

> 				Incorrect. We find the number of connected components by tracking the number of times DFS is executed.

Reviewer 3: technically it's executed a lot of times, you probably mean the amount of initial calls

			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer> 
		<Quiz.Answer>
			The number of nodes in each connected component
			<Quiz.Explanation>
				Incorrect. We can find the number of nodes in each connected component by iterating through all nodes after running floodfill and determining which connected component each node is in.
			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
		<Quiz.Answer correct>
			The shortest path between two nodes
			<Quiz.Explanation>

> 				Correct! This cannot be found with floodfill, because floodfill doesn't keep track of distances.

Reviewer 2: not sure how I feel about this :|

Reviewer: I think this question is okay. You can use BFS to flood fill and maintain shortest distances at the same time, but we haven't described how to maintain shortest distances in this module.

Author: i could add "with a standard floodfill"
